README.md, before:

# What's Cookin' 🍳

## Overview:

What's Cookin' is a Front-End project from the Mod 2 curriculum at Turing School of Software & Design. Given a URL that contained datasets for allUsers, allIngredients, and allRecipes we used the Fetch API to retrieve data and update the DOM. The concepts introduced during the course of this project included webpack, network requests and responses, and Test Driven Development.

## Set Up:
1. Fork the repository
2. Clone down your new, forked repo
3. 'cd' into the repository
4. Run `npm install` in the CLI
5. Do not run `npm audit fix --force`. This will update to the latest version of packages. We need to be using `webpack-dev-server@3.11.2` which is not the latest version. If you start to run into Webpack errors, first check that all group members are using the correct version.
6. Run `npm start` in the CLI
7. Open the site by copying and pasting the server location in your URL bar
  - The server location should look something like this --> http://localhost:8080

## Goals:

- Implement ES6 classes that communicate to each other as needed
- Use object and array prototype methods to perform data manipulation
- Create a user interface that is easy to use and clearly displays information.
- Write modular, reusable code that follows SRP (Single Responsibility Principle)
- Implement a robust testing suite using TDD
- Make network requests to retrieve data

The details of this project are outlined in the <a href="https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/What%27sCookin-PartOne.html" target="\__blank">project spec</a>.

## Tech used:
- JavaScript
- Mocha
- Chai
- CSS
- HTML
- VS Code & Atom
- Adobe illustrator

## Challenges:
- Search bar functionality of this application was difficult to implement due to the fact it had to be able to search by name or tag.
- Initial setup with class structure

## Wins:
- UX/UI layout
- Our initial planning and design layout set us up for success.

## Testing:
Mocha and chai are already set up, with a boilerplate test for you.

### Design Inspiration:
For this project we sourced inspiration from Dribble creators, and also used our imagination during the building process to make it our own!

### Example of Project:
### Scrolling feature:
![Scrolling](https://media2.giphy.com/media/U2Cd38gV8vtMMJy6RG/giphy.gif)
### Favorite a dish:
![Favorite a dish](https://media2.giphy.com/media/b0Tto5Zxl8mjSDU7R4/giphy.gif)
### Search by name:
![Search by name](https://media0.giphy.com/media/EL6ueNVE7rktRRUCcm/giphy.gif)

### Future Additions:
- Add functionality to user pantry
- Add functionality to cook list

## Contributors:
- [Kendall McGree](https://github.com/kendallm360)
- [Joe Rupp](https://github.com/JoeRupp)
- [Kevin King](https://github.com/King13k)

Commit message:

update the readMe file and refactor the code

README.md, after:

# What's Cookin' 🍳

## Overview:

What's Cookin' is a Front-End project from the Mod 2 curriculum at Turing School of Software & Design. Given a URL that contained datasets for allUsers, allIngredients, and allRecipes we used the Fetch API to retrieve data and update the DOM. The concepts introduced during the course of this project included webpack, network requests and responses, and Test Driven Development.

## Set Up:
1. Fork the repository
2. Clone down your new, forked repo
3. 'cd' into the repository
4. Run `npm install` in the CLI
5. Do not run `npm audit fix --force`. This will update to the latest version of packages. We need to be using `webpack-dev-server@3.11.2` which is not the latest version. If you start to run into Webpack errors, first check that all group members are using the correct version.
6. Run `npm start` in the CLI
7. Open the site by copying and pasting the server location in your URL bar
  - The server location should look something like this --> http://localhost:8080

## Goals:

- Implement ES6 classes that communicate to each other as needed
- Use object and array prototype methods to perform data manipulation
- Create a user interface that is easy to use and clearly displays information.
- Write modular, reusable code that follows SRP (Single Responsibility Principle)
- Implement a robust testing suite using TDD
- Make network requests to retrieve data
- Work with a local server and make network requests to API endpoints to retrieve and manipulate data
- Refactor your code to DRY up repetitive logic
- Ensure your app follows best practices for accessibility
- Practice talking about your code and high level technical concepts
- Implement feedback to improve product and process.


The details of this project are outlined in the <a href="https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/What%27sCookin-PartOne.html" target="\__blank">project spec</a>.

## Tech used:
- JavaScript
- Mocha
- Chai
- CSS
- HTML
- VS Code & Atom
- Adobe illustrator
- Lighthouse
- WAVE evaluation tool (chrome extension)

## Challenges:
- Search bar functionality of this application was difficult to implement due to the fact it had to be able to search by name or tag.
- Initial setup with class structure
- Pantry class integration
- Refactoring the code to separate the DOM manipulation into its own file  

## Wins:
- UX/UI layout
- Our initial planning and design layout set us up for success.
- Team work

## Testing:
Mocha and chai are already set up, with a boilerplate test for you.

### Design Inspiration:
For this project we sourced inspiration from Dribble creators, and also used our imagination during the building process to make it our own!

### Example of Project:
### Scrolling feature:
![Scrolling](https://media2.giphy.com/media/U2Cd38gV8vtMMJy6RG/giphy.gif)
### Favorite a dish:
![Favorite a dish](https://media2.giphy.com/media/b0Tto5Zxl8mjSDU7R4/giphy.gif)
### Search by name:
![Search by name](https://media0.giphy.com/media/EL6ueNVE7rktRRUCcm/giphy.gif)

### Future Additions:
- add Drop down for TAGS
- better search functionality
- add dyslexia accessibility button that toggles sites font to be reader friendly 

## Contributors:
- [Kendall McGree](https://github.com/kendallm360)
- [Joe Rupp](https://github.com/JoeRupp)
- [Kevin King](https://github.com/King13k)
